Mr. 
Mrs.
Address Line 1
Address Line 2
Phone #



Statement Of Religious Objection To Immunization


I hereby certify that the administration of vaccine and other immunizing agents to my child, Chao Sheng Xu, is contrary to my Religious beliefs, held either individually or jointly with others, and I therefore request that my child be exempted from the school immunization requirements.

We believe in God, and that God has created us in his image. In being created in God’s image, we are given his perfect immune system. We are bestowed with His gift, the immune system. I believe it is sacrilegious and a violation of my sacred religious beliefs to violate what God has given us by showing a lack of faith in God. Immunizations are a lack of faith in God and His way, the immune system. I believe that receiving immunizations shows God that I have no faith in His promises of protection for us, saying that I trust man more than His holy words of protection for us. We believe in Jesus and his many promises of protection for us if we place our trust in Him.

My religious beliefs are also based upon the understanding of what God requires of them as provided for in the Bible.

1 Corinthians 8:6

Yet for us there is one God, the Father, from whom are all things and for whom we exist, and one Lord, Jesus Christ, through whom are all things and through whom we exist.

2 Corinthians 6:16-7:1

For we are the temple of the living God; and God said, "I will live in them and move among them, and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Therefore come out from them and be separate from them, and be separate from them, says the Lord, and touch nothing unclean; and I will welcome you, and I will be a father to you, and you shall be my sons and daughters, says the Almighty." Since we have these promises, beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from every defilement of body and spirit, and make holiness perfect in the fear of God.

Romans 14:14

I know and am persuaded in the Lord Jesus that nothing is unclean in itself; but it is unclean for anyone who thinks it unclean.

1 Corinthians 12:24-27

But God has adjusted the body, giving the greater honor to the inferior part, that there may be not discord in the body, but that the members may have the same care for one another. If one member suffers, all suffer together; if one member is honored, all rejoice together. Now you are in the body of Christ and individually members of it.

1 Corinthians 11:29-30

For anyone who eats and drinks without discerning the body eats and drinks judgment upon himself. That is why many of you are weak and ill, and some of you have died.

Mark 2:17

And hearing this, Jesus said to them, "It is not those who are healthy who need a physician, but those who are sick; I did not come to call the righteous, but sinners."

Mark 10:26-28

And they were exceedingly astonished, and said to him "Then who can be saved?" Jesus looked at them and said, "With men it is impossible, but not with God; for all things are possible with God."

1 Corinthians 2:5

That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.

Mark 5:34

And he said to her, "Daughter, your faith has made you well; go in peace and be healed of your disease."



Ephesians 2:8-10
For by grace you have been saved through faith; and this is not your own dong, it is the gift of God - not because of works, lest any man should boast. For we are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for goods works, which God prepared beforehand, that we should walk in them.

Psalms 91:11

For he will give his angels charge of you to guard you in all your ways.

Isaiah 58:11

And the Lord will guide you continually, and satisfy your desire with good things, and make your bones strong; and you shall be like a watered garden, like a spring of water, whose waters fail not.

I swear that all the foregoing statements are true to the best of my information, knowledge and belief.
